= ripple-anaf

This is inspired and similar implementation to the 
`accepts_nested_attributes` functionality found in AR.  This allows
the use update attributes and create new child records through the 
parent.  It also allows the use of the `fields_for` form view helper, 
using a presenter pattern.

To enable in the model, call the class method, using the same
relationship as defined in the `one` or `many`.
    
    class Shipment
      include Ripple::Document
      property :identifier, String

      one :box
      many :addresses
      many :checkpoints

      accepts_nested_attributes_for :box, :addresses
      accepts_nested_attributes_for :checkpoints, :allow_destroy => true, :reject_if => proc{|attrs| attrs['signed_off'].blank? }
    end

Now, you can do things like this:

    Shipment.create(
      :identifier => '1Z0001', 
      :box_attributes => { :weight => 1.4 }, 
      :addresses_attributes => [ { :street => "Main Street" } ] 
    )

And in your views you can use fields_for:

    <%= form_for(@shipment) do |f| %>
      
      <%= f.text_field :identifier %>

      <%=  f.fields_for :box do |ff| %>
        <%= ff.text_field :weight %>
      <% end %>

    <% end %>
   
== Installation

Currently in pre-release for testing.

    gem install ripple-anaf --pre

== Supported Features

* Same DSL for linked and embedded documents
* :reject_if
* :allow_destroy

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Brian Kaney. See LICENSE for details.
